c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_hope.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.BuilderControler.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.BuilderPromtp.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.LoadGameForm.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.NewGameForm.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_hope.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-betterdays.mp3
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-deepblue.mp3
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-epic.mp3
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-november.mp3
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-ofeliasdream.mp3
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-pianomoment.mp3
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-tomorrow.mp3
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\Come Play with Me.mp3
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\The Escalation.mp3
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\font_courier_new.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\font_times.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\enforcer_class.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Health1.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Hero.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\icon_mouse.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\In-Game Menu\Back.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\In-Game Menu\Load Game.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\In-Game Menu\Main Menu.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\In-Game Menu\Save Game.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\input.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Inventory.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\Drink.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\FirstAidKit.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\food.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\inventory.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\key.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\shovel.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\weapon.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\mainVelkyUp.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\mastermind_class.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Back.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\back32.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\back64.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\back_menu.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Exit.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Fullscreen.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Load Game.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\musicoff.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\musicon.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\New Game.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Options.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Temporary.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Window.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\mrizka.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\noteBck.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\bed_feet_top.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\bed_head_top.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\brick_wall_nicked.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\floor1.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\floor2.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\floor3.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\floor4.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\glass.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\grayBrick wall.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\grayBrick2 wall.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\ironBars.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\JailDoors.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\JailDoors2.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\map.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\newspapers.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\note.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\spawn.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\supplies.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\OKbutton.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\phasewalker_class.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\pozadiNG.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\prompt.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\selected.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Stamina1.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\temp.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\UI.xnb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-betterdays.wma
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-betterdays.xnb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-deepblue.wma
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-deepblue.xnb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-epic.wma
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-epic.xnb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-november.wma
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-november.xnb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-ofeliasdream.wma
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-ofeliasdream.xnb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-pianomoment.wma
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-pianomoment.xnb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-tomorrow.wma
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-tomorrow.xnb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\Come Play with Me.wma
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\Come Play with Me.xnb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\The Escalation.wma
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\The Escalation.xnb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Imprisoned Hope.exe
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Imprisoned Hope.pdb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.Note.resources
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned Hope.exe
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned Hope.pdb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned Hope.exe
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned Hope.pdb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-betterdays.mp3
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-deepblue.mp3
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-epic.mp3
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-november.mp3
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-ofeliasdream.mp3
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-pianomoment.mp3
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-tomorrow.mp3
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\Come Play with Me.mp3
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\The Escalation.mp3
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\font_courier_new.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\font_times.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-betterdays.wma
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-betterdays.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-deepblue.wma
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-deepblue.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-epic.wma
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-epic.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-november.wma
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-november.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-ofeliasdream.wma
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-ofeliasdream.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-pianomoment.wma
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-pianomoment.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-tomorrow.wma
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\bensound-tomorrow.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\Come Play with Me.wma
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\Come Play with Me.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\The Escalation.wma
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Music\The Escalation.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\enforcer_class.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Health1.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Hero.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\icon_mouse.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\In-Game Menu\Back.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\In-Game Menu\Load Game.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\In-Game Menu\Main Menu.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\In-Game Menu\Save Game.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\input.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Inventory.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\Drink.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\FirstAidKit.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\food.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\inventory.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\key.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\shovel.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Items\weapon.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\mainVelkyUp.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\mastermind_class.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Back.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\back32.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\back64.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\back_menu.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Exit.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Fullscreen.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Load Game.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\musicoff.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\musicon.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\New Game.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Options.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Temporary.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Menu\Window.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\mrizka.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\noteBck.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\bed_feet_top.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\bed_head_top.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\brick_wall_nicked.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\floor1.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\floor2.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\floor3.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\floor4.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\glass.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\grayBrick wall.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\grayBrick2 wall.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\ironBars.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\JailDoors.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\JailDoors2.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\map.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\newspapers.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\note.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\spawn.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Objects\supplies.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\OKbutton.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\phasewalker_class.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\pozadiNG.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\prompt.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\selected.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\Stamina1.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\temp.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textury\UI.xnb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Imprisoned Hope.exe
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Imprisoned Hope.pdb
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.BuilderControler.resources
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.BuilderPromtp.resources
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.LoadGameForm.resources
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.NewGameForm.resources
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.Note.resources
C:\Projekty\Imprisoned-hope\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Imprisoned_Hope.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
